Linux distribution, I will cover here all the Linux operating system and its flavors that are out there,
the main ones and the popular ones, there are many, many of them, but a few of them that I captured.
Here are the first one is RedHat.
You probably have heard of Red Hat from many different sources, RedHat, as an enterprise level operating
system that are being used by big, major companies.
They do charge for the support.
They do provide their own customized, reconfigured build operating systems.
You cannot change it.
It's not open source.
And anything goes wrong with the operating system.
RedHat can provide the support to fix it.
Then the next one we have is sent operating system, which is sent OS.
This is the operating system actually we will be working with in my course.
And the good thing about learning centers is if you are planning to apply for a job on Linux after the
course or once you gain some experience or whenever you are ready, you could easily find many jobs
in rehab centers is exactly the same as RedHat.
It is also managed by RedHat.
They don't provide support on S.O.S and it's completely free.
Then we have Fedora.
This is also one of the popular operating system that is used by many companies.
Again, this one is free.
Then we have Susi.
Sussie is very popular operating system in terms of customization.
Many people uses this operating system and they change the code to give their proprietary appliances
and their proprietary programs.
A lot of companies like VMware also run Saussy appliances in their environment.
Then we have Davian Tabin is very popular at the PC level and the last one is a Bunta.
So all of these are major Linux distributions, a Linux operating systems that wanted to highlight.
You will be hearing many of these names down the road.
And our focus in this course is sent operating system, which is S.O.S.